Your design must fit with a rectangle whose area is less than 30 in2 (19,354mm2).
drew a box around your design (including the arms) and it’s approximately 170mm x 170mm = 28,900mm2

Your outline for your board is disconnected at some points
The arms need to have little “hands” at the end of them to hold the motors, 
sort of like the wooden mock board we received in class

Antenna and Antenna Driver

Airwire between balun and antenna. (needs to be extra thick)
It looks like two wires go into the antenna driver area that are on the bottom layer, 
but the design review guidelines ask to make sure that all the traces for this area 
are on the top layer.

Is there a ground pour in layer Top surrounding the antenna driver components?
Is there a ground pour in layer 2 surround the antenna driver?
Make sure that the ground pours cover all the components? It kind of just looks like 
they are surrounding the antenna driver components rn

The board is a little big based on the requirements listed above for (1) so I think 
compared to the red board’s design, your microcontroller is a little far away from the 
antenna. I think the traces from the microcontroller to the antenna needed to be symmetrical
The wire between the balun, the antenna, and the capacitor between them should be wider 
than the other traces (0.5mm should be fine.  See below about net classes).

Power and Ground

Is the VBAT power plane wider than 0.5mm everywhere?
Your VBAT polygon gets really thin at the points of the crescent

Does the VBAT power plane reach under all four motor drivers?
Yes but I think your 3V polygon overlaps with the VBAT plane, which I think is bad
Idk if this matters but in the lab it says to put the power pours on layer 2 and ground 
on layer 15, but yours are swapped

Does the combination of the BAT_GND and GND ground plane extend to almost every area of 
the board (with the exception of the area round the antenna)?

Does the antenna area not supposed to have GND planes? I thought the lab writeup said to 
put them there (this is more for us too)
Are there any parts of the power our ground pours that are very narrow?  They should be 
no "necks" narrower than 0.5mm.
Not sure if there is a problem with the GND pour under your antenna, where the corners 
of the right triangle-esque polygon are pretty narrow.

IMU
Are the capacitors specified in the IMU datasheet located as close as is practical to 
the IMU?
they could probably be closer lol?
- Is the IMU oriented so that the X and Y axes are aligned with the pitch and roll axis 
of the quadcopter?
	- I’m not even sure if we did this correctly, so you might want to double check 
that this is true for your guys’ since I can’t tell.


Headers
Are the two FTDI headers oriented so the silkscreen is labels for the pins are on the board 
and the pins will protrude off the board?

Your 10 pin FTDI silkscreen labels point inwards towards your board. Idk about the other FTDI 
headers that we didn’t build, though. the silkscreen is in the green dots?

Microcontroller

Is the layout of resonator and the associated caps similar to the layout of those parts on the 
red board?
Umm I think you can make the layout more similar to the red board?

Do all the traces for the resonator and its associated caps lie in layer Top?

I don’t really know what the resonator is lol but yes the caps around the uC looks like they 
have traces on the top layer

there are two traces on the bottom layer that extend outwards but i don’t know if those violate 
this question

Are the decoupling caps for the microcontroller located as close as possible to power pins of 
the microcontroller?

they could be closer

Power Supply
Is the voltage regulator located near the battery connector?
can be closer?

Motor Drivers
Are the traces that carry large currents thick enough?
Yes, on some of them. The left one seems to have VBAT run on the bottom layer, is that ok? The 
motor driver on the bottom seems to not have thick traces

Aesthetics

Are nearby parts aligned?
Since the board is a bit big some parts can be closer together

Mechanical

There are no ‘cups’ for the motor controller
Checks

Does DRC check pass without errors?
1127 errors
lots of unrouted wires

If DRC doesn't pass with no errors, does the team have good explanations for why the errors are ok?
Does DFM check pass with no show stoppers?

Can’t seem to get DFM to run with 4 layers selected - wrong CAM file?

Does Eagle Lint pass?
Eagle lint runs for awhile and then the page refreshes and tells me to upload a new file? lol

Gerber Files
Are areas around the antenna clear in the gerber files?
Are the power planes where you expect them to be in the gerber files?
Are there any traces that cross in an unexpected way in the gerber files?
Are there any elements that should be in the silkscreen that show up in metal layers?
Are there any elements that should be in the metal layers but that show up on the silkscreen?
Does the board outline match what was draw in the brd file? 
Does FreeDFM pass?

DFM:
-Insufficient Spacing (3 violations)
-Insufficient Pad to Copper Spacing (22 violations)
-Missing Soldermask Clearance (118 violations)
